Congratulations, you've done it.
You've now completed
problem solving with Excel,
the second course in
a data analysis and
presentation skills,
the PwC Approach Specialization.
In this course, you
explored Excel as
a tool for solving
business problems.
You began by becoming familiar
with basic functions in
Excel then built on
that knowledge to
advance your skills.
Along the way you had a chance to
practice using those functions
and then demonstrate what you've
learned through
practical exercises.
In the beginning of this course,
I spoke to you about
using Excel as a tool
to think about analysis
and to solve problems.
I also talked about how there are
many different tools that we
use with our clients every day.
For example, you may use R,
SAS for advanced statistical
or time series analysis.
These various tools serve
a wide variety of functions.
As your career progresses,
you'll find that Excel
skills you have learned
here and the skills
that you develop
on your own will be valuable in
learning other tools
and technologies.
You started every week with
an overview from James Hummer
talking to you about
the topics for that
week and giving you
some business context
to consider.
Then, in week one,
we covered basic navigation
and functions.
Getting this right
serves as a foundation
for everything else that
you will build in Excel.
In week two, we
focused on formulas
and the important task
of data cleansing.
Week three, we built on
previous weeks by exploring
logic statements and learning how
to build and use pivot tables.
Finally, in Week four,
you took a more advanced look at
some formulas and then pulled
it all together in
your final project, well done.
We hope you found this course
an insightful introduction to
problem solving with Excel
and we hope it will
encourage you to continue
on in the data analysis
and presentation skills,
the PwC Approach Specialization.
In the next course, you'll
have an opportunity to bring
your results to life by
exploring data visualization.
Thanks for joining us.